README.md, before:

# MyVimrc
this Repo contains all of the work that I have done to make the Vim Editor my Development Aria pf choice. If you have any questions about this setup please reach out to me.

<h1>List Of Vim Plugins Used...</h1>
<h2><a href="https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen.git">Pathogen</a> : a vim plugin manager.</h2>

<h2><a href="https://github.com/jiangmiao/auto-pairs.git">Auto-Pairs</a> : automatically finish different types of programming combinations.</h2>

<h2><a href="https://github.com/artur-shaik/vim-javacomplete2">Java Complete 2</a> : this adds a lot of features that help with java programming.</h2>

<h2><a href="https://github.com/scrooloose/nerdtree.git">NERDTree</a> : this adds a Tree view of the project that you are working on in Vim.</h2>

<h2><a href="https://github.com/ervandew/supertab.git">SuperTab</a> : add some tab complete Features for me to use</h2>

<h2><a href="https://github.com/scrooloose/syntastic.git">Syntastic</a> : Checks the syntax of you code next to the compiler.</h2>

<h2><a href="https://github.com/akhaku/vim-java-unused-imports.git">Java Unused Imports</a> : this plug in checks if you have imports that are not being used.</h2>

<h2><a href="https://github.com/ctrlpvim/ctrlp.vim.git">Control-P</a> : this is a fuzzy search tool that will search your project and find files for you. </h2>

Commit message:

fixed the typo and added some informaiton for the Programming Languages used.

README.md, after:

# MyVimrc
this Repo contains all of the work that I have done to make the Vim Editor my Development Environment choice.

Programming Languages that I Write in Vim.
	- HTML / CSS.
	- Python.
	- Java.
	- JavaScript.
	- C++

<h1>List Of Vim Plugins Used...</h1>
<h2><a href="https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen.git">Pathogen</a> : a vim plugin manager.</h2>

<h2><a href="https://github.com/jiangmiao/auto-pairs.git">Auto-Pairs</a> : automatically finish different types of programming combinations.</h2>

<h2><a href="https://github.com/artur-shaik/vim-javacomplete2">Java Complete 2</a> : this adds a lot of features that help with java programming.</h2>

<h2><a href="https://github.com/scrooloose/nerdtree.git">NERDTree</a> : this adds a Tree view of the project that you are working on in Vim.</h2>

<h2><a href="https://github.com/ervandew/supertab.git">SuperTab</a> : add some tab complete Features for me to use</h2>

<h2><a href="https://github.com/scrooloose/syntastic.git">Syntastic</a> : Checks the syntax of you code next to the compiler.</h2>

<h2><a href="https://github.com/akhaku/vim-java-unused-imports.git">Java Unused Imports</a> : this plug in checks if you have imports that are not being used.</h2>

<h2><a href="https://github.com/ctrlpvim/ctrlp.vim.git">Control-P</a> : this is a fuzzy search tool that will search your project and find files for you. </h2>
